# Page 95

Sports Betting

In October, the New York State Gaming Commission voted
to adopt new regulations to govern the advertising of sports
betting in the state.

Among other things, the new rules formally prohibited
marketing on college and university campuses or via
media where the target audience is disproportionately
made up of minors. The rules also prohibit operators or
their marketing partners from engaging in irresponsible
advertising such as by linking sports betting to personal
or financial success. Operators were also required to avoid
using certain terms in their advertising or promotional
campaigns and offer their customers the opportunity to
opt out of direct marketing, among other requirements.

In its rulemaking notice, the commission noted that
several of its new regulations replicated provisions within
the American Gaming Association’s Responsible Marketing
Code for Sports Wagering. The rules were also issued

in response to public complaints regarding supposedly
misleading promotions offered by sportshook operators.

Fantasy Sports

Also in October, the New York State Gaming Commission
adopted formal regulations to govern interactive fantasy
sports contests in the state.

The rules were adopted in accordance with a 2016 state
law that enabled the commission to establish a temporary
permitting system for fantasy contest operators while the
authority developed more specific regulations in the area.
The rulemaking process had been delayed by unsuccessful
legal challenges filed against that 2016 law.

Among other provisions, the new rules prohibited any
fantasy contests that mimic proposition bets or other forms
of sports wagering. Similar restrictions were also adopted
in 2023 in Michigan and Colorado.

