# Page 120

Two additional mobile sports betting platforms have also
been licensed by the Wyoming Gaming Commission and
are expected to launch in 2024.

In addition to sports betting and tribal gaming, Wyoming's
broader gaming market includes pari-mutuel wagering on
horse races and electronic gaming devices in bars and
other establishments based on player “skill.”

Policy & Regulatory Review
Sports Betting

In March, Gov. Mark Gordon (R) signed a bill making
various technical amendments to Wyoming’s 2021 sports
wagering law.

Among other things, the new legislation expanded the
range of service providers explicitly required to obtain a
vendor license from the Wyoming Gaming Commission
to include server hosts and integrity monitoring services.

The bill also amended prior statutory language governing
the deduction of bonuses and other promotions from
taxable sports betting revenue and restricted the ability of
operators to carry over any monthly losses to offset future
tax liabilities.

Illegal Gaming

In February, Gov. Gordon signed a separate bill to limit
regulated “skill-based” electronic gaming devices to
specific locations in the state.

A 2021 state law authorized the Wyoming Gaming
Commission to license and regulate the operation of so-
called skill game devices that are commonly offered on
an unregulated basis in various other states through the
country. The 2023 legislation limits the devices to truck
stops meeting certain criteria, smoke shops, or retail
establishments licensed to serve alcohol. Any devices
already installed in another location prior to September
2022 were permitted to remain in operation, however.

120

