# Page 33

The updated rules also added new requirements for
approved fantasy sports operators related to responsible
gaming, advertising and internal controls, among other
things. The updated regulations were due to become
effective in February 2024.

Colorado was one of several states to adopt new
regulations for fantasy sports in 2023 to address fantasy
sports games that either involve players competing against
the “house” or that mimic sports betting parlays. Similar
rules were also adopted in Michigan and New York.

Regulatory Reform

In May, Gov. Jared Polis (D) vetoed a bill approved by the
state legislature that would have authorized Colorado’s
commercial casinos to extend credit to patrons for the
first time.

The bill, which was approved by the Senate in April and
then by the Colorado House by a narrow margin of a single
vote, would have allowed casinos to extend credit only
once they had verified the credit-worthiness of the patron
and ensured that they do not have a criminal conviction or
unpaid child-support payments.

In a veto statement, Gov. Polis cited concerns of problem
gambling and suggested the bill’s language did not align
with its stated intent to attract high-end, out-of-state
players to Colorado’s casinos.

COLORADO: COMMERCIAL GAMING REVENUE BY MARKET
2012 10 2023

Casinos in the town of Black Hawk were solely responsible
for overall growth of Colorado’s land-based commercial
casino market in 2023, as casino properties in the smaller
markets of Cripple Creek and Central City reported revenue
that was essentially flat on the prior year.

@ Black Hawk ® Cripple Creek @ Central City

1,200 4
1,100
1,000
900
800
700
600

500

REVENUE (US$M)

400
300
200

0 T T T T T T T T T T T 1

\

SOURCE: Colorado Department of Revenue

