# Page 37

Gaming Tax Distribution

Revenue from privately-operated sports betting in the
District of Columbia is taxed at a rate of 10 percent.
Private sportsbook operations are further subject to a 0.25
percent federal excise tax applied to wagering handle.

DC Lottery-operated sports betting is not subject to
taxation per se; instead, the lottery returns all net revenue
after operating expenses to the city’s General Fund.

In 2023, commercial and lottery-operated sports betting
operations generated total tax revenue of approximately
$4.9 million, down 13.0 percent versus the previous year.

As of October 2023, all tax revenue generated by privately-
operated sports betting as well as all profits generated by
the DC Lottery are transferred to the District of Columbia’s
General Fund.

Competitive Landscape

Sports betting operators in the District of Columbia face
fierce regional competition from both land-based and
online sportsbooks that are available in neighboring states.

Retail sportsbook locations in the city compete with

those at Maryland’s land-based casinos and other eligible
venues. This includes the Fanatics Sportsbook at FedEx
Field, home stadium of the Washington Commanders NFL
team, which opened in January 2023.

Competition in the form of mobile sports betting comes
from platforms that are licensed to operate in Virginia and
Maryland.

Within the city, hundreds of licensed bars and restaurants
are eligible to apply for Class B licenses to operate on-
premises sports betting. Although just two Class B
sportsbooks were open as of the end of 2023, several
additional locations have announced plans to enter the
market.

In addition to sports betting, the District of Columbia
also offers traditional and online lottery games via the DC
Lottery, charitable gaming, and electronic gaming devices
that purport to be based on player skill that are permitted
in bars and other licensed establishments.

Policy & Regulatory Review

Taxation

In July, Mayor Muriel Bowser (D) signed an annual

budget law that repealed the provisions of the District of
Columbia’s original sports wagering legislation which had
specified how tax revenue from legal sports betting should
be distributed.

Under the original law, the first $200,000 in annual tax
revenue generated by privately-operated sports betting
was earmarked for the DC Department of Behavioral
Health to fund programs to prevent, treat and research
problem gambling. Remaining tax revenue was then split

SELECTED STATES: REGULATED SPORTSBOOK REVENUE SPLIT BY CHANNEL

2023

The District of Columbia was the only sports hetting market to report higher revenue from land-based sportshook operations
compared to mobile sports wagering in 2023, with retail sportshooks accounting for more than 60 percent of total revenue.

W Online

M Land-based

w©

=3

—

=3}

123

=

PERCENT OF TOTAL REVENUE

N

00
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0

\\Q\

SOURCE: State Gaming Regulatory Agencies

&
S

&

&
N

3
N
&
S
S

\@‘\

Qé\

\Vf’
$$

37
