# Page 66

Policy & Regulatory Review
Sports Betting

Maryland’s sports betting market continued to evolve

in 2023 through the licensing of new operators and the
adoption of two pieces of legislation to impose new limits
on certain marketing activities.

In May, Gov. Wes Moore (D) signed a bill to expressly
prohibit Maryland colleges and universities from entering
into a marketing partnership with a licensed sports
betting operator if either the college or an intermediary
receives any form of incentive payment based on student
participation in sports wagering. Similar legislation was
also approved in 2023 in Connecticut and Louisiana.

A separate bill signed by Gov. Moore in May instructed
the Maryland Lottery and Gaming Control Commission to
adopt regulations to allow for the licensing of independent
evaluators to review sports betting content promoted by
operators, content partners or sports betting influencers.
The purpose was to ensure the independence and
transparency of betting recommendations made to players
by touts, affiliate partners or by sportsbooks themselves.

During the year, Maryland regulators also awarded
new licenses for four mobile and four retail sportsbook

operators and a new sportsbook facility opened at
FedEx Field, home stadium of the NFL's Washington
Commanders.

Internet Gaming

In April, Gov. Moore signed an annual budget law that
included a provision requiring the Maryland Lottery and
Gaming Control Commission to produce an official study
on the potential authorization of iGaming in Maryland.

Among other things, the study was required to address the
potential size of a regulated iGaming market in Maryland,
the estimated impact of iGaming on revenue generated by
the state’s land-based commercial casinos, and potential
mitigations for problem gambling impacts.

The study, produced by an independent consultant on
behalf of the commission, was delivered to the Maryland
General Assembly in November.

Legislation to authorize iGaming was introduced in the
Maryland Senate earlier in 2023 but never advanced out
of committee. That bill remained pending for the second
year of the 2023-24 session, however. If legislation is
approved by Maryland lawmakers, iGaming also would be
subject to voter approval in a statewide referendum.

