# Page 72

MGCB alleged that their offerings violated various state
laws as well as the Michigan Penal Code.

The MGCB letters came after the state attorney general’s
office earlier took formal action against another provider
of online sweepstakes games and was able to force that
company to cease its operations in Michigan.

The MGCB and other law enforcement agencies also were
involved in several operations against illegal land-based
gaming businesses in different parts of the state.

Fantasy Sports

In October, a Michigan legislative committee adopted
formal regulations proposed by the MGCB to govern
fantasy sports contests in the state.

Among other provisions, the rules prohibited any fantasy
contests that mimic proposition bets or other forms of

sports wagering. Similar restrictions were also adopted in
2023 in New York and Colorado.

Fantasy sports contests were formally authorized in
Michigan by a 2019 state law which required contest
operators to obtain a license and granted the MGCB a
mandate to develop specific regulations to govern fantasy
games.

Responsible Gaming

In March, the Michigan Gaming Control Board launched
its “Don’t Regret The Bet” multimedia public information
campaign to promote responsible wagering with the state’s
licensed casino, iGaming and sports betting operators.

The first-of-its-kind campaign was funded via a $3 million
appropriation included in Michigan’s 2023 fiscal-year
budget. Funding for the campaign was also approved as
an ongoing, annual appropriation in Michigan's 2024
budget law.

