# Page 27

Gaming Tax Distribution

Revenue from land-based sports betting in Arizona is
taxed at a rate of 8 percent, while revenue from online
sports betting is taxed at 10 percent. The tax is applied
after limited deductions of free bets and other bonuses
and promotions, up to a maximum of 20 percent of total
revenue in 2022. Sportsbook operations are further
subject to a 0.25 percent federal excise tax applied

to wagering handle. Federal excise payments are also
deductible from revenue subject to the state’s sports
betting tax.

In 2022, sports betting generated total state tax revenue
of approximately $28.9 million, a more than four-fold
increase compared with the previous year.

Under the state’s 2021 legislation, all revenue generated
through sports betting “privilege fees,” or taxes, are
deposited on a monthly basis into Arizona’s General Fund
and used for general state budgetary purposes as approved
by the legislature.

Competitive Landscape

Arizona's commercial sports betting operations compete
with sportsbooks that can be offered in the state’s 27
tribal casinos in accordance with amendments to tribal
gaming compacts approved in 2021.

Aside from sports betting and tribal gaming, Arizona’s
broader gaming market includes a state lottery, charitable
bingo locations, three horse racetracks and around 60 off-
track betting facilities offering wagering on horse and dog
races.

Policy & Regulatory Review
Sports Betting

In April 2022, the Arizona Department of Gaming
approved final regulations applicable to commercial sports
betting in the state.

The regulatory agency adopted its initial rules for mobile
and retail sports wagering on an emergency basis in July
2021 to facilitate the launch of legal sports betting in
time for the 2021 football season. The department’s final
regulations were promulgated after a further comment
period and included several revisions from those initial
rules, including changes related to license renewals,
advertising, and procedures in the event of the closure of a
licensed sports betting operation.

Separately, the Arizona Department of Gaming in January
allocated the state’s ten available so-called limited event
wagering operator licenses. The recipients were Arizona
Downs Racetrack, eight off-track betting locations in the
Phoenix area, and another OTB facility in Tucson. Retail
sports betting began at the selected locations in June.

Another policy matter in focus in 2022 was the
discrepancy between the number of commercial sports
betting licenses available to Arizona Indian tribes and
those to the designated partners of the state’s major sports
teams and arenas.

A bill introduced in the Arizona Senate in February would
have enabled all 23 federally recognized Indian tribes

in Arizona to apply for a mobile sports wagering license,
rather than the maximum of 10 under the state’s 2021
sports betting law. That proposed legislation died without
being passed out of committee.

