# Page 56

Policy & Regulatory Review
Sports Betting

Louisiana officials made several changes to state law and
regulations in 2022 in order to integrate sports betting
within the state’s commercial gaming framework.

One month after the launch of mobile sports betting, the
Louisiana Gaming Control Board in February approved

new regulations clarifying operators’ responsibilities in
various areas, including responsible gaming and the state’s
self-exclusion program, geolocation, and disclosures in
advertising. Among other things, the regulations required
online sports betting platforms to identify the Louisiana
casino or racino with which they are affiliated on all
advertising, marketing and public relations materials.

In June, Gov. John Bel Edwards (D) signed a bill making
several technical amendments to Louisiana’s 2021 sports
betting statute. Among other things, those amendments
addressed privacy issues related to self-exclusion, the

tax treatment of promotional credits for sports wagering,

and the distribution of certain tax proceeds across the 55
Louisiana parishes that permit sports wagering.

Gov. Edwards signed two other bills into law the same
month, one allowing mobile sports betting accounts to

be considered legally abandoned after three years of no
patron activity, the other permitting pari-mutuel wagering
on horse races to be offered in the sportsbooks of
Louisiana casinos and racinos, subject to approval by the
Louisiana State Racing Commission.

Pandemic Relief

In May, Gov. Edwards signed a bill granting the Harrah’s
New Orleans land-based casino temporary relief from
certain provisions of a state law that governs the terms of a
city management contract for the casino.

Specifically, the bill suspended a statutory requirement

for the casino to maintain a workforce of at least 90
percent the level as of March 2001. The temporary relief is
effective until June 2024.

